1. What is Backup and Disaster Recovery (BDR), and why is it essential for businesses?

BDR is the process of storing important data at an offsite location and keeping it for emergency recoveries. This is essential for businesses in
case there is a security emergency in which the data must be restored.

2. Describe the process of data backup in detail.

The two main methods of BDR are cloud and physical backups. In terms of a cloud backup, a business would use an online service, backing the data up
through a network to a server to store the data. A physical backup would be storing the data through the business's own storage means ranging from
an external harddrive, to a back up server.

3. What does disaster recovery refer to, and why is it crucial to have it in addition to data backups?

Disaster recovery refers to when a business needs to retain it's continuity in the event of a security emergency such as a ransomware attack.

4. What is cloud backup and recovery, and how does it enhance data security?

Cloud backup and recovery uses a service to backup data. This can enhance data security because the service will have it's own separate locations and 
not be directly connected to the businesses data. This will keep the data more secure from any attacks done directly to the business.

5. In some cultures, the concept of data privacy is highly valued, while in others, sharing information openly is considered normal. 
How might these cultural norms affect the way individuals approach data backup and disaster data recovery? Provide examples to support your response.

Data of different scopes are treated very differently in terms of privacy. For example, data on websites such as wikipedia is meant to be shared, and
therefore does not require any form of security. On the contrary, medical or financial institutions must keep their client data highly secure. Businesses
that require highly secure data will prefer to use in house solutions as to not have as many openings to their data, and ones that have less secure data
can use more convenient methods of data protection.
