1. What are the five main sections included in the Windows Defender Security Center, and what functionalities do they offer?

  The five main sections in the Windows Defender Security Center are Virus and threat protection, Device performance and health, 
Firewall and network protection, App and browser control, and Family options. Within Virus and threat protection, all 3rd party anti-virus software
can be launched. Also, all scan reports and threat history will be posted here. The device performance and health section provides information on the
current status of battery and storage of your PC. In the Firewall and network protection section, it allows you to manage all firewall settings as well
as showing some troubleshooting information. App and browser control adjusts settings for browsers and applications. Finally, the fammily options
allow you to view all of the devices on the network and instill parental controls.

2. What information does the “Device performance & health” section provide, and how can you access it?
  
  This section shows the health of the battery and storage devices that could possibly hint that something is wrong. You can access this by 
clicking on "view health report" through the Windows Defender Security Center.

3. How does the Windows Defender Security Center notify you of issues that require your attention?

  Windows Defender Security Center notifies you by displaying a yellow exclamation mark.

4. What features are managed under the “Firewall & network protection” section in the Windows Defender Security Center?

  The main features are "Virus and threat protection settings", "Virus and threat protection updates", and "ransomware protection".

5. How does the concept of “security” in Windows Defender Security Center relate to your own experiences in keeping your personal belongings safe? 
Share some strategies you use to protect your belongings and how they might parallel the security measures used in the digital world.

  There are many similar functions of security in the physical world and digital world. For example, when I lock my doors, that can
be seen as equivalent as putting a password or a firewall on a device. The key would be the password, and the lock could be the firewall. 
