1. What does “OSI” stand for?

OSI stands for Open Systems Interconnection

2. List the 7 layers of the OSI model and what each one is responsible for.

Application, Presentation, Session, Transport, Network, Data link, and Physical.

3. Distinguish which layers are the “hardware layers”, and which layers are the “software layers”. What does that even mean?

Layer 1-3 are hardware layers and 4-7 are software layers. This means that the thing processing the layer is primarily either software, or hardware. 

4. How can the OSI model be used in troubleshooting?

The OSI model can be used in troubleshooting by narrowing down where the issue is. With the OSI model, you can test each layer to see which layer is causing the issue. This can then help deduce further to what exactly the issue is.

 

1. What is Wireshark?

Wireshark is a tool that will help visualize and break down network packets and see them at a granular level. 

2. What is a packet?

A packet is a discrete unit of data in a typical Ethernet network.

3. What 3 high-level things does Wireshark accomplish? How could these be used for nefarious purposes? For benevolent purposes?

Three high-level things that Wireshark accomplishes are:

Packet Capture and Analysis

   Nefarious use: Malicious attacks could use Wireshark to capture sensitive information by intercepting un encrypted network traffic.

   Benevolent use: Security professionals can use Wireshark to analyze packets to diagnose network issues and detect security vulnerabilities.

Protocol Decoding

   Nefarious use: Attackers may use Wireshark to decode and analyze network protocols to exploit vulnerabilities.

   Benevolent use: Security professionals can use Wireshark to understand and debug communication between devices, ensuring that protocols are properly implemented.

Traffic Inspection

   Nefarious use: Attackers might use Wireshark to inspect network traffic, seeking information about network architecture or potential vulnerabilities.

   Benevolent use: Professionals can utilize Wireshark to inspect traffic patterns and identify abnormal behavior that could potentially indicate a security threat.
